but that we come to the sport1 News FC Augsburg has another
Step towards football cape done against Cottbus missed out
Burgwald did not pre-decision played one on one but may come next
Weekend in the home game against FSV Frankfurt with a victory the rise in
the soccer-bundesliga perfect make another message on 11 in a nutshell Boppard
summarized for you in News /
Bayern wants Boateng and Petersen Bayern Munich drives the squad planning
For the new season Jerome Boateng of Manchester City is always ahead
still at the top of the list of the wishful players are but there were
already given concrete talks with Boateng
Bayern also aim to second league goal striker Nils Petersen
the Cottbusser is the best goal scorer of the second with 24 goals
Bundesliga is to be at the Iser under neu-coach whether a test the next
Take a step
Hygiene completed Sami Hyypiä of Bayer Leverkusen will be his at the end of the season
Finish as an active footballer finish the Finnish international, he said
have a super time in Leverkusen dapd these are now through second place
to be crowned
the defender will stay with Bayer however. BP wants his now
Make a coaching license and work as a coach from July 2012 in Leverkusen
Hertha battles for power climber Hertha BSC Berlin wants to join Thomas Kraft
All means to the keeper from Munich to the capital to pilot the should
Hertha in now offered a regular place guarantee the talks between
Kraft and the Berliners are already running at full speed sure that seems too
the goalkeeper has great interest in switching to Hertha
Kraft whose contract expires at the end of the season at Bayern had recently
a new contract offer the Munich rejected also had the
22-year-old explains that he and his wife are big windows city Berlin
Stuttgart mistet from VfB Stuttgart will be some players at the end of the season
do not continue to deal with midfielder Elson's contract
striker Sven Schipplock will not be leaving the club
borrowed Philipp Degen wants to return to Liverpool and also type of Marica
should seek a new club
The German national ice hockey team in their
Successful series at the World Cup in Slovakia continue
after the first two inaugural victories, the next opponent is Slovenia
defeated
the German success story
continues
the specialist shop
the oldest
it is madness
the white bark
the other one should be translated
Zoller nice feeling the last two games are then at least
Thursday evening was what
the know-it-all
Aalborg outstanding feeling sensational
make the whole country he has Wetzel if we have the thing here
because the German team in the second third just did everything right
earned by Marcel Müller took the lead and then consequence
further forward played sid / red
Partners and chips could even put two goals on it
after that, however
the host started
only that the first five minutes
Whoever on the net would come under Evers also this damage will then
comes at the of course we have
Super player
outraged that the players remain their 10 12 40 game on the side of the
their goals are already scored the goals they scored and it was a false start
down
in the end it was called 4 2 3 for the German team
Group winner is
even the day after the press conference with the journalists had to be self
the players are still puzzling their eyes rubbing what is happening right in
Bratislava
best man at this incredible Velen
and the best thing about the company
meanwhile, the 23 is still no longer preparing itself for the points
Werner later finished
the goal intermediate round so far enough
Morning is waiting as much as it takes
namely, to warm up for the "big" opponents in the fight grumble
quarterfinals
but new message from the football champions league the second leg
In Manchester United against Schalke 04 Menu may need to rest or
The two countries are threatening to fail further messages how are you
of course also on our website
on «sport1 DE»